Good news of a long-awaited event will soon arrive.
Live each day as if it is your last.
Confidence is at a high.
Let your heart make your decisions - it does not get as confused as your head.
You always know the right times to be assertive or simply wait.
You have made the right decision.
Wise sayings often fall on barren ground, but a kind word is never thrown away.
You will live a long, happy life.
Don't pursue happiness - create it.
Trust your intuition. The universe is guiding your life.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Begin your life anew with strength, grace and wonder.
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.   -- Chinese proverb
You will advance socially without effort on your part.
Someone stole your fortune and replaced it with this one.  Your luck sucks.  Have a good day!
Movies have pause buttons, friends do not
If you wait too long for the perfect moment, the perfect moment will pass you by.
Bad luck and ill misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity.
Success is the sum of my unique visions realized by the sweat of perseverance.
You will need to relax today.
you cant go down the right path with out first discovering the path to go down
He deserves paradise who makes his companions laugh.
Apply yourself to the basics and progress will follow.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
IT IS NOT GOOD TO BE A USER BLESSINGS COME FROM BEING A GIVER NOT A TAKER.
All your fingers can't be of the same length.
If you don't do it excellently, don't do it at all.
Be assertive when decisive action is needed.
Do not be afraid of competition.
It's time for you to explore new interests.
In music, one must think with his heart and feel with his brain.
People in your surroundings will be more cooperative than usual.
Put the data you have uncovered to beneficial use.
A great pleasure in life is doing what others say you can't.
Live like you are on the bottom, even if you are on the top.
Good health is in your future.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
It takes more then good memory to have good memories.
Become who you are.
Use your head, but live in your heart.
For today, keep your secrets to yourself.
Stay true to those who would do the same for you.
One who admires you greatly is hidden before your eyes.
Your emotional currents are flowing powerfully now.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
You're true love will show himself to you under the moonlight.
Wealth and honor will come to you soon.
Happiness isn't something you remember, it's something you experience.
You will have long and healthy life.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
The dream is within you.
A dream you have will come true
Success is in the details.
Minor aches today are likely to pay off handsomely tomorrow.
Whenever possible, keep it simple.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
Your tongue is your ambassador.
today you should be a passenger. Stay close to a driver for a day.
It is very possible that you will achieve greatness in your lifetime.
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Do not be covered in sadness or be fooled in happiness they both must exist
You are one of the people who "goes places in life."
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Bad luck and misfortune will follow you all your days.
There's a secret romance blooming! Go for it, in spite of your hesitation.
Think you can. Think you can't. Either way, you'll be right.
TOO MANY PEOPLE VOLUNTEER TO CARRY THE STOOL WHEN ITS TIME TO MOVE THE PIANO
A short stranger will soon enter your life with blessings to share.
There is no greater pleasure than seeing your loved ones prosper.
It's tough to be fascinating.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.
Wisdom is on her way to you.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Happiness is often a rebound from hard work.
Expand your horizons.
What you think is a problem is an opportunity for growth.
When you gather all your resources together, Goals are accomplished.
Your smile will tell you what makes you feel good.
A pleasant experience is ahead:don't pass it by.
You will be receiving an unexpected blessing in the next few days!
Don't forget, you are always on our minds.
Your talents will be recognized and rewarded.
In the midst of a busy life, take some time to be a kid again.
Travel and creative hobbies will be your best outlet.
Pardon is the choicest flower of victory.
If your cookie still in one piece, buy lotto.
Praise a fine day at night.
Take the chance while you still have the choice.
Love is not for the weak of heart.
A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.
Follow through on some of the good ideas that come up, and you could have a real winner of a deal.
Our first and last love is self-love.
You will make someone happy today.
The object of your desire comes closer.
Many folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
In this life it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
If you feel you are right, stand firmly by your convictions.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
A frivolous gift is a gift, nonetheless.
For success today look first to yourself.
Change can hurt, but it leads a path to something better.
They say you are stubborn; you call it persistence.
You've got what it takes, but it will take everything you've got!
You are not judged by your efforts you put in; you are judged on your performance.
Keep on charging the enemy so long as there is life.
Use your instincts now.
Isn't there something else you should be working on right now?
Live each day well and wisely
Do not follow where the path may lead.  Go where there is no path...and leave a trail
You will be successful in your work.
You will be called in to fulfill a position of high honor and responsibility.
If everybody is a worm you should be a glow worm
You will make heads turn.
I'm with you.
You will get great satisfaction from your efforts.
In the eyes of lovers, everything is beautiful.
Don't just spend time, invest it.
In human endeavor, chance favors the prepared mind.
Love Takes Practice.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
The smart thing to do is to start trusting your intuition.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Happier days are definitely ahead for you, struggle has ended.
New financial resources will soon become available to you.
You have a reputation for being straightforward and honest.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
Good things are on their way.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
You will live long and enjoy life.
A pleasant experience is ahead: don't pass it by.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
You have a great capability to break cookies - use it wisely!
An alien of some sort will be appearing to you shortly!
Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows.
Finish your work on hand don't be greedy.
You have a magnetic personality.
The best things in life aren't things.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Well-arranged time is the surest sign of a well-arranged mind.
Your present question marks are going to succeed.
Accept the next proposition you hear.
Your love light shines on another.
Your intuition and guidance will be helpful.
You long to see the great pyramids of Egypt.
Romance is likely; strike up a conversation.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
The problem with resisting temptation is that it may never come again.
Virtuous find joy while Wrongdoers find grieve in their actions.
Lend your money and lose your friend.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
People say you have sharp sense and superb intellect.
New romantic partners will evolve through group endeavors; however, the association may not be likely to last.
Put your efforts into job advancement.
Tomorrow, take a moment to do something just for yourself.
You will have many happy days soon.
You will have a great day.
You are thinking about doing something. Don't do it, it won't help anything.
You will use your ideas for great benefit.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
Your resemblance to a muppet will prevent the world from taking you seriously.
If winter comes, can spring be far behind?
Conquer your fears, or they will conquer you.
Help, I'm prisoner in a Chinese bakery!!!
Executive ability is prominent in your make up.
About time I got out of that cookie.
When all else seems to fail, smile for today and just love someone.
Hope brings about a better future
A great person was born on your birthday.
Smile. Tomorrow is another day.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
You will have a bright future.
Broke is only temporary poor is a state of mind.
Handle your present with confidence.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget them.
Organize your life around your dreams and watch them come true.
The earth is a school learn in it.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it.
You are surrounded by true friends.
You will be selected for a promotion because of your accomplishments.
Do not seek so much to find the answer as much as to understand the question better.
Don't be too hard on yourself.
You broke my cookie!
You may find that someone you really cared for in the past has come back into your life.
The architect of your destiny is yourself.
You are cautious in showing your true self to others.
Luck sometimes visits a fool, but it never sits down with him.
You will travel to many exotic places.
You have a winning way. Keep it.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
Love will lead the way.
Listen to life, and you will hear the voice of life crying, Be!
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
Many new friends will be attracted to your friendly and charming ways.
You will have unexpected great good luck.
If you take a single step to your journey, you'll succeed; it's not best to fail.
Suppose you can get what you want ....
You will never regret the present, you live to its fullest.
You are vigorous in words and action.
Enjoy the good luck a companion brings you.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
If you continually give you will continually have.
There is always a way - if you are committed.
All troubles you have can pass away very quickly.
Your creativity will take you to unexpected places.
Change your thoughts and you change the world.
The answers you seek may be found at the library.
You will have a chance at good fortune.
A truly great person never puts away the simplicity of a child.
Follow that restless urge to find yourself.
You are extremely loved. Don't worry :)
At this moment, someone is thinking good thoughts of you.
Think of mother's exhortations more.
Some men dream of fortunes, others dream of cookies.
You will be hungry again in one hour.
Acting is not lying. It is finding someone hiding inside you and letting that person run free.
Discover the power within yourself.
Don't take yourself so seriously, no one else does.
The quotes that you do not understand, are not meant for you.
Don't wait for your ship to come in, swim out to it
Unleash your life force.
You are far more influential than you think.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this week.
The one you love is closer than you think.
Your financial situation will soon improve.
Never quit!
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Be direct,usually one can accomplish more that way.
There's no such thing as an ordinary cat.
Engage in group activities that further your transformation.
Love is free. Lust will cost you everything you have.
Use your talents. That's what they are intended for.
Affirm it, visualize it, believe it, and it`will actualize itself.
You will receive a fortune cookie.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
A thrilling time is in store for you.
You will marry your lover.
Take care of your personal needs.
You are going to have a pleasant experience.
If a person who has caused you pain and suffering has brought you, reconsider that person's value in your life
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
You are never selfish with your advice or your help.
You will be successful in love.
Hold on to the past but eventually, let the times go and keep the memories into the present.
YOUR FAILURES WILL LEAD YOU TO YOUR SUCCESS.
Today is going to be a disastrous day, be prepared!
Embrace change; don't fight it.
Be receptive to popular ideas.
Help is always needed but not always appreciated. Stay true to your heart and help those in need weather they appreciate it or not.
Help! I am being held prisoner in a Chinese bakery!
Seek out the significance of your problem at this time.  Try to understand.
Jealousy is a useless emotion.
Versatility is one of your outstanding traits.
Unexpected events may upset your routine.
You try hard, never to fail. You don't, never to win.
You will have a pleasant surprise
Traveling this year will bring your life into greater perspective.
Although it feels like a roller coaster now, life will calm down.
Your ability for accomplishment will be followed by success.
Adventure can be real happiness.
The day only gets better.
A smile is your passport into the hearts of others.
You are very grateful for the small pleasures of life.
Nobody can be exactly like you.
A virtual fortune cookie will not satisfy your hunger like that of a home made one.
You haven't been totally honest with yourself and it's time to review your motives.
you will spend old age in comfort and material wealth
You will make a change for the better.
Meet your opponent half way. You need the exercise.
Good things are coming to you in due course of time.
You always know the right times to be assertive or to simply wait.
Romance will unfold through business trips.
Our duty,as men and women,is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist.
You are contemplative and analytical by nature.
The troubles you have now will pass away quickly.
You have the ability to touch the lives of many people
Your hard work will get payoff today.
Love thy neighbor, just don't get caught
Today is a great day to start that new health regimen you've been talking about.
Take control of your life rather than letting things happen just like that!
You may only be one person in the world, but to one person you may be the world.
Friends long absent are coming back to you.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
A man without aim is like a clock without hands, as useless if it turns as if it stands.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
You will need new clothes for a special occasion.
Aren't you glad you just had a great meal?
Bad luck and misfortune will infest your pathetic soul for all eternity.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.
You will exceed your expectations.
A feeling is an idea with roots.
Follow your honest beliefs to stay strong.
Never upset the driver of the car you're in; they're the master of your destiny until you get home.
A person is never to old to learn.
Someone may be trying to damage your reputation.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
Wealth awaits you very soon.
Wisdom comes from experience.
You can never been certain of success, but you can be certain of failure if you never try.
Grant yourself a wish this year only you can do it.
You are strong and brave.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Ask a friend to join you on your next journey.
Sing and rejoice, fortune is smiling on you.
A man with brown eyes has a surprise for you.
Secret affairs will eventually backfire on you.
The one who snores will always fall asleep first.
Take advantage of your great imagination.
The eyes believe themselves; the ears believe other people.
Your high-minded principles spell success.
The more seeds you sow, the more flowers will bloom.
Be tactful; overlook your own opportunity.
Action speaks nothing, without the Motive.
Elegant surroundings will soon be yours.
Fortune favors the brave.
It is now, and in this world, that we must live.
Alas! The onion you are eating is someone else's water-lily.
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
Hone your competitive instincts.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
You are on the verge of something big.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Life to you is a bold and dashing responsibility.
You will be forced to face fear, but if you do not run, fear will be afraid of you.
Someone will need your help this month.
Lower your expectations.
Courtesy is contagious.
Try to avoid being extravagant.
People in your background will be more co-operative than usual.
Treasure what you have.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
A big fortune will descend upon you this year.
There is someone rather annoying in your life that you need to listen to.
Warning, do not eat your fortune.
You will soon achieve your financial goals.
A friend in need will be out of your way soon.
Today is an ideal time to water your personal garden.
Difficulty at the beginning usually means ease at the end.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
You can prosper if you invest in property or mutual funds.
All your sorrows will vanish.
Compassion will cure more then condemnation.
A package of value will arrive soon.
Working hard will make you live a happy life.
You are tasting the sweets of success.
The human spirit is stronger then anything that can happen to it.
Open up your heart - it can always be closed again.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
You have a flair for adding a fanciful dimension to any story.
Over self-confidence is equal to being blind.
It's the worst of times, you need to summon your optimism.
This is a great day to handle those real estate matters!
Delay is the antidote for anger.
Do your chores and get on with the things you enjoy doing.
Take a minute and let it ride, then take a minute to let it breeze.
It is better to be the hammer then the anvil.
You can make headway if you share your intentions with someone you care about.
You have a natural grace and consideration for others.
Compassion is a way of being.
Good opportunity awaits.
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
Be definite now, worry about precision later.
If you want the rainbow, then you have to tolerate the rain.
Be prepared for a sudden, needed, and happy change in plans.
You are a person of culture, cultivate it.
You will be rewarded for being a good listener in the next week.
A secret admirer will soon send you a sign of affection.
Treat everyone as a friend.
It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.
Cooperate with those who have both know how and integrity.
You never show your vulnerability, you are always self-assured and confidence.
Good health will be yours for a long time.
You will be admired for your internal beauty.
People are naturally attracted to you.
Others will say you are too idealistic.
I am a bad luck person since I was born
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Tastes like chicken.
Sometimes the object of the journey is not the end, but the journey itself.
You will enjoy good health.
Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
Let the deeds speak.
You will kiss your crush ohhh lalahh
Someone around you is bouncing off the walls.
Be unconventional, even visionary.
Dispel negativity through creative activities.
Benefit by doing things that others give up on.
Love is as necessary to human beings as food and shelter.
Be a good friend and a fair enemy.
Enhance your karma by engaging in various charitable activities.
You will be happy socially and in your work.
Get ready! Good fortune comes in bunches.
You have an unusually magnetic personality.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Love can turn cottage into a golden palace.
You can do anything but not everything.
Remember this: duct tape can fix anything, so don't worry about messing things up.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will take a pleasant journey to a place far away.
Do not let what you do not have prevent you from using what you do have.
Circumstance does not make the man; it reveals him to himself.
You will accomplish more later if you have a little fun this weekend.
Fame and fortune is coming your way.
Life is like a dogsled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
Be patient! The Great Wall didn't got build in one day.
Explore your own world by working together with friends.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Do it now! Today will be yesterday tomorrow.
Pursue your work with all due seriousness.
Be careful while traveling.
There will be true and sincere friendship between you both.
You will find that social activities will be enjoyable and will promote new connections.
This will not be the best day to initiate change.
Romance comes into your life this year in a very unusual way.
Someone is speaking highly of you.
Bend the rod while it is still hot.
May you have great luck.
Romance follows you if you can only see it.
Everyone agrees. You are the best.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Well done is better than well said.
Those who walk in other's tracks leave no footprints.
Being happy is not always being perfect.
Don't bother looking for fault. The reward for finding it is low.
Rivers need springs.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
Grasp the opportunities that come your way.
It's about time you asked that special someone on a date.
When hungry, order more Chinese food.
I have a dream....Time to go to bed.
Spring has sprung. Life is blooming.
Help, I'm being held prisoner in a  Chinese cookie factory.
Keep it simple. The more you say, the less people remember.
Now these three remain, faith, hope, and love. The greatest of these is love.
You will hear a kind word from a stranger.
Human invented language to satisfy the need to complain.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Customer service is like taking a bath you have to keep doing it.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
Your destiny lies before you, choose wisely.
All things come to him who goes after them.
Good beginning is half done.
Don't forget, you're always on our minds.
Passionate new romance appears in your life when you least expect it.
You will outdistance all your competitors.
You have a fine capacity for the enjoyment of life.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
If you have a great ambition, take as big a step as possible in the direction of fulfilling it.
You need to live authentically, and you can't ignore that.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Do not be hasty, prosperity will knock on your door soon.
Back away from individuals who are impulsive.
A small act of charity will go a long way.
Your work interest can capture the highest status or prestige.
Follow your heart's strong desire.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going
You will be invited to an exciting event.
If you are never patient, you will never get anything done. If you believe you can do it, you will be rewarded with success.
If you look back, you'll soon be going that way.
You will follow your heart's desire.
You are special in a way you will soon begin to understand.
You will soon witness a miracle.
Give yourself some peace and quiet for at least a few hours.
Volition, Strength, Languages, Freedom and Power rests in you.
Life is a verb
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Hope is like food. You will starve without it.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
You will be made stronger by adversity.
Face your future without fear.
Working out the kinks today will make for a better tomorrow.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
The majority of the word "can't" is can.
LIFE CONSIST NOT IN HOLDING GOOD CARDS, BUT IN PLAYING THOSE YOU HOLD WELL.
A part of us remains wherever we have been.
The cooler you think you are the dumber you look
Listen to a good friend who is truly looking out for your best interests.
Your problem just became your stepping stone.  Catch the moment.
Serious trouble will bypass you.
Meeting adversity well is the source of your strength.
An understanding heart warms all that are graced with it's presence.
You create your own stage ... the audience is waiting.
It is much easier to look for the bad, than it is to find the good
Wow! A secret message from you teeth!
A single kind work will keep one warm for years.
Someone close to you is waiting for you to call.
Residential moves look hectic and sudden changes in your life are likely.
The wise are aware of their treasure, while fools follow their vanity
If you are always worried about what others think of you, you will never be happy.
You will learn something new today.
Alas! The onion you are eating is someone else's water lily.
Welcome the change coming into your life.
When you learn to be flexible, amazing opportunities reveal themselves!
Your ability to help others will win you points.
You are never bitter, deceptive, or petty.
Accept your independence and use it wisely.
Fear is just excitement in need of an attitude adjustment.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Happiness comes from a good life.
Look right...Now look left...Now look forward (do this really fast) do you feel any different? good you should feel dizzy.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
Your past success will be overshadowed by your future success.
Stop wishing. Start doing.
You will soon be honored by someone you respect.
Don't use emotional blackmail on someone you love.
You are always welcome in any gathering.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
You will overcome difficult times.
For success today, look first to yourself.
A single conversation with a wise man is better than ten years of study.
By helping someone else today, you may also be helping yourself.
It's all right to have butterflies in your stomach. Just get them to fly in formation.
Dream your dream and your dream will dream of you.
There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
Could I get some directions? To Where? To your heart.
Darkness is only successful when there is no light. Don't forget about light!
You shouldn't overspend at the moment. Frugality is important.
A day is a span of time no one is wealthy enough to waste.
Patience is a virtue, unless its against a brick wall.
You should be able to make money and hold on to it.
You will strengthen someone's love for you.
Don't hold yourself back because you think you're too old.
Accept something that you cannot change, and you will feel better.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
You will discover your hidden talents.
If you eat a box of fortune cookies, anything is possible.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
you will think for yourself when you stop letting others think for you
Teamwork: the fuel that allows common people attain uncommon results.
See if you can learn anything from the children.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything
Stay to your inner-self, you will benefit in many ways.
You may be conservative, cautious, and practical.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday
Questions provide the key to unlocking our unlimited potential.
A good way to stay healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Do not let doubt and suspicion bar your progress.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you.
A cheerful message is on its way to you.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Right now there's an energy pushing you in a new direction.
Make a wise choice everyday.
You already know the answer to the questions lingering inside your head.
Jealousy is unattractive - show some other emotion.
Today it's up to you to create the peacefulness you long for.
An upward movement initiated in time can counteract fate.
Fear is the root of all evil.
You will be successful in your work
Call siblings or old friends to catch up on recent news.
Look to your inner being for guidance.
Plan your work and work your plan.
Expect a change for the better in job or status in the future.
Our perception and attitude toward any situation will determine the outcome
The important thing is to never stop questioning.
Difficulties with children will surface if you try to break a promise you made.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
"Accept yourself"
Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.
Life is too short to hold grudges.
Beauty is simply beauty. originality is magical.
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them!
In everything there is a piece of truth.But a piece.
Your future will be happy and productive.
You will have a pleasant trip.
Jealousy doesn't open doors, it closes them.
Education will never be as expensive as ignorance.
What looks like an appealing offer may not be.
You can still love what you can not have in life.
The days that make us happy make us wise.
Before you can be reborn you must die.
Keep your eyes open. You never know what you might see.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
You will enjoy razor-sharp spiritual vision today.
Cookie says, "You crack me up"
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
You may be hungry soon: order a takeout now.
Get off to a new start - come out of your shell.
Hard words break no bones, fine words butter no parsnips.
Don't find fault, find a remedy
Sometimes you just need to lay on the floor.
To be old and wise, you must first be young and stupid.
Doors will be opening for you.
Your fondest dream will come true within this year.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
There is a tendency to carry activities too far.
You will have gold pieces by the bushel.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it.
You will plant the smallest seed and it will become the greatest and most mighty tree in the world.
Financial prosperity is coming your way!
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
You will be rewarded for your patience and understanding.
Do not upset the penguin today.
When you feel defensive, examine what you fear.
The secret of staying young is good health and lying about your age.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
Encouraging changes are not advertised on t.v.
You are an artistic person. Let your colors show.
Shoot for the moon! If you miss you will still be amongst the stars.
If you get a fortune like this, here's a tip: Don't eat the cookie.
Your golden opportunity is coming shortly.
You may attend a party where strange customs prevail.
We can't control the wind, but we can always adjust the sails.
Did you remember to order your take out also?
Your talents will capture you the highest status and prestige.
To make the cart go, you must grease the wheels.
There will be a happy romance for you shortly.
You will make someone laugh tomorrow.
You need to challenge yourself.
You don't get harmony when everyone sings the same note.
In order to take, one must first give.
An unexpected event will happen today.
Don't behave with cold manners.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
A stranger, is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
You will have many friends.
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
He who slithers among the ground is not always a foe.
The time is right to make new friends.
People enjoy having you around. Appreciate this.
You will enjoy doing something different this coming weekend.
Your help will be needed in an embarrassing situation.
Your trouble will pass away soon.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
Intelligence is the door to freedom and alert attention is the mother of intelligence.
You are a person with a good sense of justice, now it's time to act like it.
Culture and customs of China attract you.
Love is a roller coaster, it has its ups and downs.
If you have something good in your life, don't let it go!
You are very talented in many ways.
Seek out the significance of your problem at this time. Try to understand.
Love Conquers all.
It may be those who do most, dream most
Nothing in the world is difficult if one sets his mind to it.
You will find fortune.
You will marry a professional athlete.
Be careful not to lead someone on if you truly have no interest.
Resist the temptation to gamble. Risks will not be profitable.
You may be able to impart knowledge that's innovative to those searching for a new angle.
You can make your own happiness.
Service is the rent we pay for the privilege of living on this planet.
Your success will astonish everyone.
You will soon emerge victorious from the maze you've been traveling in.
Every important call is a close one.
Do what you want, when you want, and you will be rewarded
Be receptive to new ideas from all fronts.
It better to be the hammer than the nail.
You will become better acquainted with a coworker.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat it can sometimes help you to act as if you did.
Friendship is an ocean that you cannot see bottom.
You are an angel. Beware of those who collect feathers.
If you're happy, you're successful.
In case of fire, keep calm, pay bill and run.
Next time you have the opportunity, go on a rollercoaster.
Consolidate rather than expand your business in the near future.
A well-aimed spear is worth three.
Next full moon brings an enchanting evening.
Love can last a lifetime, if you want it to.
Your sense of humor reveals itself at just the right times!
The simplest answer is to act.
You know where you are going and how to get there.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
Don't be afraid to smile, you never know who's falling in love with it!
The leader seeks to communicate his vision to his followers.
An invitation is headed your way.
You will take a chance in the near future.
You are filled with life's most precious treasure. Hope!
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
If you don t give something, you will  not get anything
You create enthusiasm around you.
People who are late are often happier than those who have to wait for them
Good judgment comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgment.
All the water in the world can't sink a ship unless it gets inside.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
The answers can only come from within.
Your way of doing what other people do their way is what makes you special.
Get domestic chores out of the way early.
We could learn a lot from crayons: Some of are sharp, some are pretty, some have weird names, and all are different colors. But they all have to learn to live in the same box.
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
Lovers will be less than accommodating, and decisions regarding personal direction a necessity.
It's better to be alone sometimes.
Expect great things and great things will come
One is not sleeping, does not mean they are awake.
You will become a great philanthropist in your later years.
Love is on its way.
You love peace
Tell them before it's too late...
You will have a long and wealthy life.
The worst of friends may become the best of enemies, but you will always find yourself hanging on.
Eat something you never tried before.
You are contemplating some action which will bring credit upon you.
Soon life will become more interesting
Not all closed eye is sleeping, nor open eye is seeing.
You'll stay out of trouble if you pick projects that will benefit the whole family.
You haven't been watching your spending habits and you may have been neglecting your duties.
No distance is too far, if two hearts are tied together.
Hidden in a valley beside an open stream- This will be the type of place where you will find your dream.
Beauty surrounds you because you create it.
Your energetic nature and ability to initiate projects will add to your popularity.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
Do not be overly judgemental of your loved one\'s intentions or actions.
Stop procrastinating - starting tomorrow
Don't worry about money. The best things in life are free.
I have a dream.... Time to go to bed.
Nothing seems impossible to you.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
While you have this day, fill it with life. While you're in this moment, give it your own special meaning and purpose and joy.
Your skill will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
The world is always ready to receive talent with open arms.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step
You are filled with a sense of urgency. Be patient or you may end up confused.
Try to ease any disappointment by making amends.
Everything will be ok. Don't obsess. Time will prove you right, you must stay where you are.
What goes around comes around.
You will have good luck in the springtime.
An unexpected relationship will become permanent.
Accept what comes to you each day.
Everyone agrees you are the best.
If you want the rainbow, you have to tolerate the rain.
This is a turning point.
Humor is an affirmation of dignity
Do not mistake temptation for opportunity.
Social evenings at your place will be highly successful.
You will witness a special ceremony.
You are not a ghost.
Romance will develop if you get involved in social events that deal with children.
To determine whether someone is beautiful is not by looking at his/her appearance, but his/her heart.
Better be the head of a chicken than the tail of an ox.
What's vice today may be virtue tomorrow.
Do not worry, you will have great peace.
You may want to get a little extra rest. You are prone to infections and fevers.
Use the force.
You will read some information that will help you.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Pick a path with heart.
Follow your bliss and the Universe will open doors where there were once only walls.
Wouldn't it be ironic to die in the living room?
Start a new project at work -- or start a new job altogether.
Your passions sweep you away.
The measure of time to your next goal is the measure of your discipline.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You may win a contest.
Travel hopefully; arrive expectantly.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life..
You make other people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
The most obvious solution is not always best.
IN ORDER TO GET THE RAINBOW, YOU MUST ENDURE THE RAIN.
Do you believe? Endurance and persistence will be rewarded.
Before trying to please others think of what makes you happy.
It's up to you to clarify.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
You can count on getting a pat on the back for your efforts.
The gambler is like the fisherman both have beginners luck.
Anything you do, do it well. The last thing you want is to be sorry for what you didn't do.
Keep your plans secret for now.
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure!
Your life becomes more and more of an adventure.
You must try, or hate yourself for not trying.
Pursue your wishes aggressively.
You must be extremely careful not to let relatives or friends interfere in your personal life.
Be a generous friend and a fair enemy.
What ever you're goal is in life, embrace it visualize it, and for it will be yours.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Doing what you love is freedom.  Loving what you do is happiness.
Strength is built upon inner character.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Remember yesterday, but live for today.
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
There are lessons to be learned by listening to others.
Don't ask. Don't say. Everything rests in silence.
Your smile is a treasure to all who know you.
Its amazing how much good you can do if you don't care who gets the credit.
If you are afraid to shake the dice, you will never throw a six.
Jealous attitudes may lead you astray.
You will have a long and prosperous life.
Failure is the mother of all success.
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
You will travel to many places.
The love of your life is stepping into your planet this summer.
You will be pleasantly surprised by a close friend.
Concentrate on home improvement. Small details will make a difference.
If you never give up on love, It will never give up on you.
Your home will be a great source of happiness.
A kind word will keep someone warm for years.
A cheerful letter or message is on its way to you.
Never miss a chance to keep your mouth shut.
Your life will be filled with magical moments.
There is a time to be practical now.
You will prosper in the field of wacky inventions.
You are a person of culture.
Make sure that you have all the pertinent facts before taking action.
Don't lead if you won't lead.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
Today you will find something you have been looking for.
The world may be your oyster, but that doesn't mean you'll get it's pearl.
The joyful energy of the day will have a positive affect on you.
Problems with females will try your patience and cause temper flare ups.
Whoever follows a crowd will never be followed by a crowd.
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Stop searching. Happiness will come to you.
When you speak honestly and openly, others truly listen to you.
The food here taste so good, even a cave man likes it.
You are able to juggle many tasks.
Instead of worrying and agonizing, move ahead constructively.
Life  always gets harder near the summit.
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
the project on your mind will soon gain momentum
Examine the situation before you act impulsively.
Enjoy yourself while you can.
Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.
Ideas you believe are absurd ultimately lead to success!
You have a quiet and unobtrusive nature.
This is the time for caution, but not for fear.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
A good time to finish up old tasks.
We all have extraordinary coded within us, waiting to be released.
You are not illiterate.
Relish the transitions in your life - they will happen anyway.
No matter what your past has been, you have a spotless future.
Social activity should be on your agenda today.
Be sure to cover all the necessary groundwork before signing binding contracts.
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said.
An unexpected aquaintance will resurface.
You are a person of strong sense of duty
Be prepared for extra energy.
Be direct, usually one can accomplish more that way.
To forgive others one more time is to create one more blessing for yourself.
You will enjoy good health, you will be surrounded by luxury.
The love of your life is sitting across from you.
Don't panic.
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
The man who waits till tomorrow, misses the opportunities of today.
Your greatest fortune is the friends and family you have.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
You will make an important contact at a social gathering.
You will always be successful in your professional career
You will make a fortune with your friend.
Don't let friends or relatives rule your life.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Enthusiastic leadership gets you a promotion when you least expect it.
You will receive helpful information.
You are not a person who can be ignored.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
You only need look to your own reflection for inspiration. Because you are Beautiful!
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted
Try? No! Do or do not, there is no try.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
Even though it will often be difficult and complicated, you know you have what it takes to get it done.
A new friend helps you break out of an old routine.
Good news from afar may bring you a welcome visitor.
An unexpected acquaintance will resurface.
A wish is what makes life happen when you dream of rose petals.
You like Chinese food.
If u love someone keep fighting for them
It may not be the best time to socialize with clients or colleagues today.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
Never give up. You're not a failure if you don't give up.
A man is born to live and not prepare to live.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
He who seeks will find.
Anyone who dares to be, can never be weak.
Know the opposition, its not always the enemy.
Dogs have owners, cats have staff.
Flattery will go far tonight.
You have a curious smile and a mysterious nature.
You will be presented with a promising business path.
You are given the chance to take part in an exciting adventure.
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts up his eyes.
Try to make arrangements with close friends or relatives to spend a few days away.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be rewarded.
The big issues are career, status or work right now.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
A small lucky package is on its way to you soon.
You'll advance for with your abilities.
Never stop at the weigh station on the road of life.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
Don't worry about things in the past, there is nothing you can do about them now. Don't worry about things that are happening now, make the best of a bad situation. Don't worry about things in the future, they may never happen.
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
You will soon travel on a business trip.
Man is born to live and not prepare to live
Don't spend more than is necessary on travel or friends.
The man on the top of the mountain did not fall there.
Focus in on the color yellow tomorrow for good luck!
Be calm when confronting an emergency crisis.
Ask a friend to join you on your next voyage.
The star of riches is shining on you.
Use discrimination and play hard to get.
Don't 'face' reality, let it be the place from which you leap.
Time heals all wounds. Keep your chin up.
Judge not according to the appearance.
You  are  contemplating  some  action  which will bring credit upon you
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
All the world may not love a lover but they will be watching him.
We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.
Simplicity and clarity should be your theme in dress.
You will always possess a charm and sense of humor that attracts others.
You will be free to take a break from your responsibilities.
Aim high, time flies.
True wisdom is found in happiness.
Being alone and being lonely are two different things.
An admirer is concealing his/her affection for you.
Your money worries are over! Your new job will bring you a huge increase in income.
Your secret desire to completely change your life will manifest.
Good clothes open many doors. Go shopping.
In order to have great friends, you must first learn to be a great friend.
He who climbs a ladder must begin at the first step.
You will travel to many exotic places in your lifetime.
You find beauty in ordinary things. Do not lose this ability.
A new friend will bring you much happiness.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
A new business venture is on the horizon.
You can fix it with a little extra energy and a positive attitude.
Time is the wisest counselor.
We write our own destiny. We become what we do.
Demonstrate refinement in everything you do.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Nothing is so much to be feared as fear.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
Try to clear up differences with associates.
The greatest precept is continual awareness.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
You will be called to fill a position of high honor and responsibility.
You will be sharing great news with all people you love
If you love someone enough and they break your heart, you can't stop yourself from still loving them again even after all that pain.
You learn from your mistakes, you will learn a lot today.
Present your best ideas today to an eager and welcoming audience.
In God we trust.
A bird in the hand is worth three in the bush!!
Soon, a visitor shall delight you.
A loved one is of utmost importance at this time.
You won't be able to keep a secret.
When in doubt, let your instincts guide you.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
A happy lot awaits you in matrimony.
Beauty will surround you - open your eyes to see it.
You love Chinese food.
Never bring unhappy feelings into your home.
The most useless energy is trying to change what and who God so carefully created.
Love lights up your world.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You are a lover of words; One day you will write a book.
You have more than enough on your plate already.
You will be fortunate in the opportunities presented to you.
You are almost there.
Be most affectionate today.
Accept your past without regrets. Handle your present with confidence. Face your future without fear.
The finest men like the finest steels have been tempered in the hottest furnace.
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing.
What breaks in a moment may take years to mend.
The best is yet to come.
Accept your past without regrets.
Encourage your peers.
You will enjoy good health and financial independence.
Get busy trying to make more money.
A friend asks only for your time not your money.
Keep your feet on the ground even through friend flatter you.
You will inherit money and jewelry.
You are blessed, today is the day to bless others.
A new outlook brightens your image and brings new friends.
The cure for grief is movement.
Emotionally you won't see things accurately.
Trust your intuition.
When you can't naturally feel upbeat, it can sometimes help to act a if you did.
It's a good thing that life is not as serious as it seems to the waiter
Your father still loves and is in always with you. Remember that.
You will soon gain something you have always wanted.
Those grapes you cannot taste are always sour.
Buy many dream boxes. Ask a friend to select one.
Traveling more often is important for your health and happiness.
If you wish to know the mind of a man, listen to his words
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
Poverty is no disgrace.
Nothing is as good or bad as it appears.
It never pays to kick a skunk.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Why not treat yourself to a good time instead of waiting for someone else to do it?
You will soon be the center of attention.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
Before you wonder "Am I doing things right," ask "Am I doing the right things?"
Be confident and you will succeed.
Don't bend to the pressure.
Life will soon become more interesting.
Wealth is not in making money, but in making the man while he is making money.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Start everyday off with a smile. At least it's a good start.
Old dreams never die they just get filed away.
Make a wish, it might come true.
The greatest danger could be your stupidity.
Remember the fate of the early Worm.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain. D. Parton
Your life will prosper only if you acknowledge your faults and work to reduce them.
You are what you are; understand yourself before you react
Constant grinding can turn an iron nod into a needle.
Love or money, or neither?
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
You can choose, right now and in every moment, to put your powerful and effective abilities to purposeful use. There is always something you can do, no matter what the situation may be, that will move your life forward.
Face facts with dignity.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
You are the master of every situation.
Begin trusting your intuitions.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
Do not be overly judgmental of your loved one's intentions or actions.
Sharing little joys offers great hope to others.
You will find a thing. It may be important.
Your wisdom has kept you far away from dangers.
Reading to the mind is what exercise is to the body.
You will win success in whatever you adopt.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you tonight.
Prosperity makes friends and adversity tries them.
Never cut what you can untie.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change in your life.
The Wheel of Good Fortune is finally turning in your direction!
You are talented in many ways.
Be careful to avoid wrong doings.
WHEN FIRE AND WATER GO TO WAR WATER ALWAYS WINS.
Simplicity and clarity should be the theme in your dress.
A lifetime of happiness is in store for you.
Ask yourself if what you are doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow.
You are the man of righteousness and integrity.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Your worst enemy has a crush on you!
You have an important new business development shaping up.
You will meet someone famous.
It is never too late. Just as it is never too early.
Plan events like camping or white water rafting.
You are going to have a very comfortable old age.
It is not advisable to leap before you look, but that may be all you have time for.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
You're in the mood to get out and visit friends.
You will be graced by the presence of a loved one soon.
If you speak honestly, everyone will listen.
Old friends, old wines and old gold are best
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
Try not to take everything so seriously.
Let your imagination wander.
You will be an inspiration to others.
There will be many surprises: unexpected gains are likely.
Human evolution: "wider freeway" but narrower viewpoints.
Nothing Shows A Man's Character More Than What He Laughs At.
Kiss is not a kiss without the heart.
Adversity is the parent of virtue.
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness.
To build a better world, start in your community.
All comes at the proper time to him who knows how to wait.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
"Be a generous friend and a fair enemy"
You will step on the soil of many countries.
A chance meeting opens new doors to success and friendship.
Even if the person who appears most wrong, is also quite often right.
Interaction with colleagues will only be upsetting.
Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
Land is always on the mind of a flying bird.
Time is life's great currency; spend it wisely.
Your road to glory will be rocky, but fulfilling.
Unveil your ideas. Be ready to act on them.
Now is the time to try something new.
Your problem just got bigger. Think, what have you done.
The best prophet of the future is the past
Others enjoy your company.
You will inherit a large sum of money.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
You will make a friendship with a very surprising person.
Before the beginning of great brilliance, there must be chaos.
Take it easy
You will conquer obstacles to achieve success.
A pleasant surprise is in store for you soon.
Stop thinking about the road not taken and pave over the one you did.
There is a prospect of a thrilling time ahead for you.
The expanse of your intelligence is a void no universe could ever fill.
Opportunity is knocking at your front door.
Your self-confidence will attract members of the opposite sex.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Stand up and propose your ideas, and you'll be surprised how many people will follow you.
Many a false step is made by standing still.
You will be approached with an interesting proposition.
You may find yourself in the midst of a pretty good deal.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it.
Be cautious while walking in darkness alone.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
Your dream will come true when you least expect it.
You are offered the dream of a lifetime. Say yes!
When the moment comes, take  the top one.
The possibility of a career change is near.
You laugh now, wait till you get home.
Success and happiness will come your way.
You learn from your mistakes... You will learn a lot today.
Enjoy life! It is better to be happy than wise.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on that one thing..
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more
Believing is doing.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on spending.
A heavy burden is lifted with a phone message or letter.
Your dearest dream is coming true. God looks after you especially.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Everywhere you choose to go, friendly faces will greet you.
Someone left a real mess for you to sift through.
You are admired by everyone for your talent and ability.
You believe in the goodness of man kind.
Go ask your mom.
Your smile brings happiness to everyone you meet.
Do not think that me or my brothers have supreme control over what will happen to you.
You have a tendency to think that no one else will do things properly.
Do not hesitate to look for help, an extra hand should always be welcomed.
There are big changes ahead for you. They will be good ones!
If you're looking to do something worthwhile, consider volunteer work.
Your skills will accomplish what the force of many cannot.
You are often asked if it is in yet.
Listen to yourself more often
Impossible standards just make life difficult.
You may have a hard time relating to children today.
Stay calm and focus on things that will help you understand the situation better.
Love is the glue that holds together everything in the world.
You believe in the goodness of mankind.
Think of how you can assist on a problem, not who to blame.
It is better to have a hen tomorrow than an egg today.
A human being is a deciding being.
The phrase is follow your dreams. Not dream period.
Short trips to visit others will do the whole family a world of good.
Good things take time.
Your place in the path of life is the driver's seat.
With care and understanding, your life will have no obstacles.
What you left behind is more mellow than wine.
A letter of great importance may reach you any day now.
Land is always in the mind of the flying birds.
When you're about to turn your heart into a stone remember: you do not walk alone.
Your dynamic eyes have attracted a secret admirer.
Someday everything will all make perfect sense
You will enjoy good health, you will be surrounded by luxury
A warm smile is testimony of a generous nature.
Don't cry.
Your high energy will enable you to enlist the help of those in a position to back you.
If you put your mind to it, you could entertain or host a multitude of social events.
What ends on hope does not end at all.
The big issues are work, career, or status right now.
Let's finish this up now, someone is waiting for you on that
You will soon discover a major truth about the one you love most.
Do what you can to prolong your life, in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.
Tomorrow Morning,Take a Left Turn As Soon As You Leave Home
With a little more hard work, you creativity takes you to great heights.
Oops... Wrong cookie.
Your place in the path of life is in the driver's seat.
You will soon embark on a business venture.
Your wish will come true.
Pleasure trips will be emotionally favorable
Your ability to accomplish tasks will follow with success.
I am a fortune. You just broke my little house. Where will i live now?
Pray to God, but row towards shore.
Enjoy the small things you find on your journey.
Everything happens for a reason.
The harder you try to not be like your parents, the more likely you will become them
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Failure is not defeat until you stop trying.
The man or woman you desire feels the same about you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded
Life is a dancefloor, you are the DJ!
Every solution breeds new problems.
You will bring sunshine into someone's life.
You have the rare ability to recognize ability in others.
It is not necessary to show others you have change; the change will be obvious.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Romance comes into your life this year in a very unusual sort of way.
Happy news is on its way to you.
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands on.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
Avoid any gossip and be careful that you aren't misinterpreted.
Let not your hand be stretched out to receive and shut when you should repay.
Romance may be likely if you travel.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
Consume less. Share more. Enjoy life.
You will accomplish more if you start now.
Working together works.
You are admired for your adventurous ways.
It's Never Too Late For Good Things To Happen!
I think, you ate your fortune while you were eating your cookie
Punctuality is the politeness of kings and the duty of gentle people everywhere.
You can open doors with your charm and patience.
The mood is right for a friendly chat to lead to romance.
Life to you is a dashing and bold adventure
Every day is a new day. But tomorrow is never promised.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
This is really a lovely day. Congratulations!
A dream you have will come true.
Integrity is doing the right thing, even if nobody is watching.
Change has both physical and psychological attributes.
A smooth long journey! Great Expectations.
Everybody feels lucky for having you as a friend.
Adjust finances, make budgets, to improve your standing.
Go with the flow will make your transition ever so much easier.
Express yourself: Don't hold back!
Make the system work for you, not the other way around.
You will enjoy the interaction with youngsters and take great pride in the projects you've completed.
One of the best ways to persuade others is with your ears--by listening to them.
You cannot become rich except by enriching others.
A surprise announcement will free you.
You'll be invited to dine in an adventure place.
When you get something for nothing, you just haven't been billed for it yet.
Reconcile with an old friend. All has been forgotten.
There is a gradual improvement. Feelings are sweet and tender.
Someone will invite you to a karaoke party.
The energy is within you. Money is Coming!
Excuses are easy to manufacture, and hard to sell.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
All the preparation you've done will finally be paying off!
If you have something worth fighting for, then fight for it.
Your fortune is as sweet as you.
Take the time to be considerate of others.
People rely on your dependability.
We are here to love each other, serve each other and uplift each other.
You are broad minded and socially active.
Something wonderful is about to happen to you.
When in anger, sing the alphabet.
A different world cannot be build by indifferent people.
Share your happiness with others today.
Be on the lookout for coming events; They cast their shadows beforehand.
The race is not always to the swift, but to those who keep on running.
The Greatest War Sometimes Isn't On The Battlefield But Against Oneself.
Love comes quickly, whatever you do.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Your emotional nature is strong and sensitive.
You are about to begin a prosperous business venture.
Happiness isn't an outside job, it's an inside job.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
Happiness is an activity.
To effect the quality of the day is no small achievement.
You have a sincere desire to improve.
Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so shall you become.
Come back later, I am sleeping. Yes cookies need their sleep too.
Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Now would be a good time to take up a new sport.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
Your high energy and discipline will enable you to complete any seemingly insurmountable tasks.
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
The ads revenge is massive success
Everything will now come your way.
good things take time
You will achieve all your desires and pleasures.
You don't need the answers to all of life's questions. Just ask your father what to do.
Patience is a key to joy.
To affirm is to make firm.
Good news will come to you from far away.
You are going to have some new clothes.
Only talent people get help  from others.
Never wear your best pants when you go fight for freedom.
We cannot change the direction of the wind, but we can adjust our sails.
You would be wise to socialize with as many people as possible.
Keep your eye out for someone special.
Your talents will be rewarded and recognized.
Do not give your heart to someone who may not live up to your standards.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Try everything once, even the things you don't think you will like.
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
You have much skill in expressing yourself to be effective.
Do your job and don't ask for favors.
Your childlike quality may get you into big trouble.
Never give up on someone that you don't go a day without thinking about.
Happiness is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
You will always be surrounded by true friends
Stop procrastinating.
You will make many changes before settling down happily.
Discuss your objectives with peers or lovers.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Your co-workers take pleasure in your great sense of creativity.
The greatest risk is not taking one.
Life does not get better by chance. It gets better by change.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
AT TIMES IT IS BETTER TO KNOW WHEN EXIT THAN ENTER
Not all closed eye is sleeping nor open eye is seeing.
Don't worry, half the people you know are below average.
A focused mind is one of the most powerful forces in the universe.
Patience is key, a wait short or long will have its reward.
Bread today is better than cake tomorrow.
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
A new wardrobe brings great joy and change to your life.
Word to the wise: Don't play leapfrog with a unicorn...
When you look down, all you see is dirt, so keep looking up.
Be patient: in time, even an egg will walk.
Your present plans are going to succeed.
You are the controller of your destiny.
You have an unusual equipment for success, use it properly.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
Because of your melodic nature, the moonlight never misses an appointment.
You have a friendly heart and are well admired.
You can complete any projects efficiently, especially if you put the effort in yourself.
The time is alway right to do what is right.
The dream you've been dreaming all your life isn't worth it. Find a new dream, and once you're sure you've found it, fight for it.
Generosity will repay itself sooner than you imagine.
Time may fly by. But Memories don't.
Some pursue happiness; you create it.
Fortune smiles upon you today.
Today you shed your last tear. Tomorrow fortune knocks at your door.
Every exit is an entrance to new experiences.
This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
The cure for grief is motion.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
Everything is not yet lost.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
Believing that you are beautiful will make you appear beautiful to others around you.
It's never crowded along the "extra mile"
Try to curb your bad habits.
A starship ride has been promised to you by the galactic wizard.
Every Friend Joys in your Success
It could be better, but it's good enough.
You will gain admiration from your peers.
Put your unhappiness aside. Life is beautiful, be happy.
At this very moment you can change the rest of your life.
Try a new system or a different approach.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything, sufficient for nothing.
The life of every woman or man - the heart of it - is pure and holy joy.
Excellence is the difference between what I do and what I am capable of.
Things are never quite the way they seem.
Do not judge a book by it's color.
Nothing in the world is accomplished without passion.
Soon you will be sitting on top of the world.
Love Is At Your Hands Be Glad And Hold On To It.
Q. What is H2O? A. Caring, 2 parts Hug and 1 part Open-mind.
Do or do not. There is no try.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible
Your mate may not be too sure about your intentions.
Ones always regrets what could have done. Remember for next time.
A very attractive person has a message for you.
Truth is an unpopular subject. Because it is unquestionably correct.
Your fortune is as sweet as a cookie.
The best way to give credit is to give it away.
Take a rest; you deserve it.
It matters not what road we take but rather what we become on the journey.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Everything will come your way.
Try to be reasonable.
You'll be invited to dine in an adventurous place.
Never underestimate the power of the human touch.
You cannot love life until you live the life you love.
stop nagging to your partner and take it day by day.
It takes more than a good memory to have good memories.
Your shoes will make you happy today.
Home is where your heart is.
Your energy returns and you will get things done.
You will reach a goal for which you have been striving.
See the light at the end of the tunnel.
Don't worry about the stock market. Invest in family.
As you slide down the bannister of life, may the splinters never point your way.
Good luck comes from good planning.
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love .
You will travel far and wide for both pleasure and business.
It's a good time to finish up old tasks.
It takes ten times as many muscles to frown as it does to smile.
Enjoyed the meal? Buy one to go too.
Someone will need your help today.
Everything will now come your way
You will soon bring joy to someone.
You will be able to make favorable changes in your living quarters.
Conquer your fears or they will conquer you.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together as they do in you.
Let your fantasies unwind...
Old friends make best friends.
You will be free of the heavy burdens you have been carrying.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
You will come to realizations in your life that change you forever.
Sometimes travel to new places leads to great transformation.
Stop searching forever, happiness is just next to you.
You are best to work at home, clearing up overdue projects.
Do not fear what you don't know
It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it.
Men do not fail... they give up trying.
Your ability to pick a winner will bring you success.
You have worked hard and the payback is now.
He who has good health is young.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
You are best to move quickly and to get in good with the boss.
Enthusiasm can change the current situation.
Groups and organizations that indulge in social events to raise money will be conducive to meeting new and exciting lovers.
You will receive some high prize or award.
When you expect your opponent to yield, you also should avoid hurting him.
You learn about another person in the process of teaching them something.
You don't need talent to gain experience.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
You will receive a promotion soon.
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
There are many new opportunities that are being presented to you.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Joy is a choice.
You are worth loving, you are also worth the effort it takes to love you
Your work interest can capture the highest status of prestige.
Good things are being said about you.
IF you can dream it, you can become it.
A stranger is a friend you have not spoken to yet.
You are about to become $8.95 poorer. ($6.95 if you had the buffet)
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
Someone from your past has returned to steal your heart.
Emotion is energy in motion.
Know the right moment.
You will touch the hearts of many.
Seize every second of your life and savor it.
You long to see the great pyramids in Egypt.
You will put your data to good use.
A clean conscience is a soft pillow.
Expect to pay more than anticipated for entertainment or other purchases.
You will be hungry soon, order takeout now.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes.
Your mouth may be moving, but nobody is listening.
Don't overspend to impress others.
Out of confusion comes new patterns.
How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes?
You will be surrounded by luxury.
Keep your feet on the ground even though friends flatter you.
Humor usually works at the moment of awkwardness.
Long life is in store for you.
Welcome each day as a fresh new beginning.
You will receive a gift from someone that cares about you.
Determination is the wake-up call to the human will.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
For true love? Send real roses preserved in 24kt gold!
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
You will become great if you believe in yourself.
If you love someone a lot tell it before it's too late
A metaphor could save your life.
Your dearest wish will come true.
Be content with your lot. One cannot be first in everything.
If you never expect anything you can never be disappointed.
